# Modular Aircraft Reconfigurable

MakerPlane is a volunteer-driven open-source aviation organization focused on making affordable avionics and resources more accessible to the experimental aviation community. Engineering Design Handbook. Helicopter Engineering preliminary design, detail design, qualification assurance and performance testing. A FreeCAD workbench dedicated to Airplane Design. pyBADA provides aircraft performance modelling, trajectory prediction and optimisation, and visualisation with BADA in Python. TRANsient Simulation Framework of Reconfigurable Models. Saab Aeronautics has chosen Modelica and Dymola as part of the means for modelo based system engineering (MBSE). A Dymola library for modeling thermal hydraulic energy systems and other multi-physics systems. The Rotorcraft Aerodynamics Library is a Modelica library for supporting the analysis and design of current and future rotorcraft. HanserModelica is a Modelica open source educational library on object oriented modeling applied to electrical engineering and a particular focus on polyphase electric machines. The 40KG Forced Turbojet Engine is a cutting-edge micro gas turbine producing 40 kilograms of thrust in a compact form factor. The Bede BD-5 Micro is a series of small, single-seat homebuilt aircraft. The BD-5 has a small, streamlined fuselage holding its semi-reclined pilot under a large canopy, with the engine installed in a compartment in the middle of the fuselage, and a propeller-driving engine – or jet engine in the BD-5J variant – mounted immediately to the rear of the cockpit. Assimulo is a simulation package for solving ordinary differential equations. The FMA SAIA 90 was a cancelled air superiority fighter aircraft project, designed by the FMA (Fábrica Militar de Aviones) with the collaboration of Dornier in the mid-1980s. The SAIA 90 was the last stage of the ACA (Avión Caza Argentino) project, which was started by the National Reorganization Process to develop an Argentine fighter aircraft.

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

CAD: For computer-aided design.
CAM: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
CAS: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.